c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\bin\Debug\TextDashboard.exe
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\bin\Debug\TextDashboard.pdb
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\FirstView.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\ForthView.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\SecondView.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\ThirdView.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\FirstView.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\ForthView.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\SecondView.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\UserControls\ThirdView.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\TextDashboard_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\TextDashboard.g.resources
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\TextDashboard.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\TextDashboard.exe
c:\users\mina.sabbagian\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\TextDashboard.pdb
C:\Users\mina.sabbagian\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\mina.sabbagian\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\TextDashboard\TextDashboard\obj\x86\Debug\TextDashboard_MarkupCompile.lref
